Upgrade doctrine packages (#5774)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

# Upgrade

## 2.1.x

### Doctrine changes for PHP 8 Support

> If sulu is upgraded with all dependencies `doctrine/persistence` and `doctrine/dbal` maybe install a new major
> version. In most cases this can be done by replace the `Doctrine/Common/Persistence` namespace in the code base
> with `Doctrine/Persistence`. If you don't want to upgrade the doctrine packages set `doctrine/persistence`
> to `^1.3` and `doctrine/dbal` to `^2.6` in the `composer.json`. Upgrade to the newer version is required
> when you want to use PHP 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prepare for PHP8 support, the version constraints of the `doctrine/persistence` package and the `doctrine/dbal` package were updated 
to include a new major version. If you update these packages in your project, you might need to adjust the code of the project to be compatible with 
the new major version. To do this, it is enough to replace the `Doctrine/Common/Persistence` namespace with `Doctrine/Persistence` in most cases. 

Alternatively, if you want to prevent the upgrade of the packages, you can set the version constraint of the `doctrine/persistence` to `^1.3` 
and the `doctrine/dbal` package to `^2.6` in the `composer.json` of your project. But keep in mind that this means that your project will 
use outdated dependencies and will not be compatible with new PHP versions in this case.
```

Author: this changes were applied!

# Upgrade

## 2.1.x

### Doctrine changes for PHP 8 Support

To prepare for PHP8 support, the version constraints of the `doctrine/persistence` package and the `doctrine/dbal` package were updated 
to include a new major version. If you update these packages in your project, you might need to adjust the code of the project to be compatible with 

> the new major version. To do this, it is enough to replace the `Doctrine/Common/Persistence` namespace with `Doctrine/Persistence` in most cases. 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
the new major version. To do this, it is enough to replace the `Doctrine/Common/Persistence` namespace with `Doctrine/Persistence` in most cases:

```diff
-    use Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager;
+    use Doctrine\Persistence\ObjectManager;
```
````
